src/platform/sim3u1xx/compilation_notes.asciidoc, before:

Compilation Notes
=================

Silicon Labs HAL
----------------

In order to compile for this platform, it is currently necessary to copy the
"si32Hal" directory from within "C:\Silabs\32bit\si32-1.0\" to this directory
("sim3u1xx"). This is necessary until licensing is less restrictive on these
components.

General Build Requirements
--------------------------

In addition standard necessities for building eLua also apply:

* an *arm-eabi toolchain*

** the Precision32 IDE works, see "build_sim3u_dk.cmd" for an example
   of how to run the build from the command line

* *Lua* with the requisite modules for driving the build system. (check the top
  of build_elua.lua for requirements)

** LuaForWindows includes all the needed modules:
http://code.google.com/p/luaforwindows/

* Additionally, it's recommended that you use *git* to check out the repository
  and have git in the path of wherever you'll be running the build system
  from (so that build versions include the git rev)
** link:http://help.github.com/set-up-git-redirect[See GitHub's documentation]

Building
--------

If using a CodeRed-based development environment like Precision32 on
Windows, see "build_sim3u_dk.cmd" for an example of running the build
and flashing. If the line endings are correct, on Windows with
LuaForWindows, the Precision32 IDE, and the line endings correct in
the script, it should be possible to simply double-click this script
from the platform directory and have a build and flash run.


On other platforms, the following should work from the base eLua
directory to generate elf and hex images:

----
lua build_elua.lua board=SIM3U1XX-B-DK prog
----

Special Notes
-------------

The batch file mentioned above may need to have Windows/DOS line
endings to execute correctly.  These should be set automatically by
git if the checkout is done with the recommended autocrlf option:

----
git config --global core.autocrlf true
----

Commit message:

add alternate configuration and initial support for USARTs in addition to UARTs

src/platform/sim3u1xx/compilation_notes.asciidoc, after:

Compilation Notes
=================

Silicon Labs HAL
----------------

In order to compile for this platform, it is currently necessary to copy the
"si32Hal" directory from within "C:\Silabs\32bit\si32-1.0\" to this directory
("sim3u1xx"). This is necessary until licensing is less restrictive on these
components.

General Build Requirements
--------------------------

In addition standard necessities for building eLua also apply:

* an *arm-eabi toolchain*

** the Precision32 IDE works, see "build_sim3u_dk.cmd" and
   "build_sim3u_gs.cmd" for an example of how to run the build from
   the command line

* *Lua* with the requisite modules for driving the build system. (check the top
  of build_elua.lua for requirements)

** LuaForWindows includes all the needed modules:
http://code.google.com/p/luaforwindows/

* Additionally, it's recommended that you use *git* to check out the repository
  and have git in the path of wherever you'll be running the build system
  from (so that build versions include the git rev)
** link:http://help.github.com/set-up-git-redirect[See GitHub's documentation]

Building
--------

If one is using a CodeRed-based development environment like
Precision32 on Windows, see "build_sim3u_dk.cmd" and
"build_sim3u_gs.cmd" for an example of running the build and
flashing. If the line endings are correct, on Windows with
LuaForWindows, the Precision32 IDE, and the line endings correct in
the script, it should be possible to simply double-click this script
from the platform directory and have a build and flash run.

* The "dk" variant configures pins/clocks for the development kit board.

* The "gs" variant configures for an alternate pin configuration.

On other platforms, the following should work from the base eLua
directory to generate elf and hex images:

----
lua build_elua.lua board=SIM3U1XX-B-DK prog
----

Note on Git & Windows
---------------------

The batch file mentioned above may need to have Windows/DOS line
endings to execute correctly.  These should be set automatically by
git if the checkout is done with the recommended autocrlf option:

----
git config --global core.autocrlf true
----


Port Notes
----------

Mapping of UARTS & USARTS to ids in eLua:

* USART0: 0
* USART1: 1
* UART0: 2
* UART1: 3
